	Online examiner module
3 types of users
	Student: The student will logon to the system and take his/her examination. He can also check his previous examinations marks and his/her details. The student will get result immediately after the completion of the examination.
      Examiner: Examiners of each course will prepare questions and its options and loaded into the software. Examiners will approve student certificates generated by system.
      Admin: Admin is the main user of the system, They can control complete website.


      Admin: Test Series Management:-
                    ◦ Create Section wise pre test(MCQ,coding,logical question)
                    ◦ level wise question set
                    ◦ update time schedule test
                    ◦ Answer should be store in DB.


Admin:Question Bank Management:-
                    ◦ Add question section wise or import questions from excel or word file.
                    ◦ Upload questions level wise(easy,medium & hard) .
                    ◦ Set number of question per test.
                      
Admin: Batch Management:-
			
Admin: Exam management:-
                    ◦ Multi sets of questions.
                    ◦ Unmarked selected questions.
                    ◦ Provide security key at time of reconnect.
                    ◦ No data lose after disconnect internet connection.
                    ◦ No time lose after power failure or connection lose.
                    ◦ Mobile, tab, desktop optimization.
                    ◦ Section wise mask and passing marks.
                    ◦ Student check not attempt questions after exam.
                    ◦ Give feedback after examination.
                      
Admin: Result management:-
		section wise result publish.
		Provide answer seat after examination.

lecture management:-

facultymanagement:-
		absorbation individual result and examination feedback of each and every students.
		
Coupon Management:-
		Discount on admission.
		Create validity date for coupon

payment gateway:-
		online payment:-
				net banking
				credit card/debit card
				G/pay.
		Offline payment:-
				Cash mode.
				Draft.		

Student Management :-
		Student can register themself.

Some other ideas:-
		user friendly.
		
